Fix for the different results for Procedural and Object oriented exam… (#2367)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.11.3.rst

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * :py:meth:`~pvlib.solarposition.get_solarposition` Changes for different results for Procedural and Object oriented examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix Procedural and Object Oriented simulation examples having slightly different results, in :ref:`introtutorial`.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~
* Rajiv Daxini (:ghuser:`RDaxini`)
* Mark Campanelli (:ghuser:`markcampanelli`)

> * Manoj K S (:ghuser: `manojks1999`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manoj K S (:ghuser:`manojks1999`)
```
